before working with breaking B2B we had
a lot of fees that were not ranking
number one we wanted someone to come in
look at what we're doing right now and
the results that we're seeing has been
positive um our rankings have improved
and the new content that we've
implemented has been ranking really high
and driving traffic for us the strategy
and the tactic that you put together for
us you know focusing on the bottom
funnel content they already are ranking
on page number one we're seeing the
traffic we're seeing the the clicks
throughs so could you please introduce
yourself your company and what your
company does hi my name is Stallone
Stallone anadan I am the senior
marketing manager at uh P Services p is
a technology company that specializes in
offering application service for
companies and um mainly focused on the
Java programs and uh some of our big
clients include BMW ruen and uh General
Dynamics V Jitsu we're we're a global
company on on a global scale appreciate
it could you share what SEO ranking on
Google looked like in your business
before working with breaking B2B and the
results you're previously getting from
it sure so um before working with
breaking B2B you know organic has been a
key channel for us it wasn't U it was a
channel that we wanted to invest much
much more in um and our rankings were uh
you know we had pages that are ranking
number one but we also had a lot of
pages that were not ranking number one
and we wanted a way in which we we focus
more on to the organic growth and uh we
wanted uh someone to come in look at
what we're doing right now what
strategies and how we can position
ourselves to better rag on suches and
that's that's how we came to be to
approach breaking B2B um and the
positions that we're seeing and the and
the results that we're seeing has been
positive um our rankings have improved
and the New Concept that we've we've
implemented and and deployed um has been
ranking really high and driving traffic
for us so it's been a successful story
in the in the sense that our organic
traffic has definitely taken a positive
spin um and it also includes the the
technical audit that you've done for us
as well which were changes that we
employed and uh we're definitely seeing
those results as well awesome thank you
and what would you say were perhaps some
of the main challenges that you were
facing before working with us yeah I
would say you know at P we're we're
really good at content you know we are
uh delivering content creating content
and we're supporting the community out
there with content um but what lacked
was almost the structure and the
strategy um how best to position it how
best you can get the best out of out of
the content that we're doing so we had
great teams here that were just Ching
out content and we had you know the
website to kind of deploy it the blogs
that were sharing it but it didn't
really follow a a an SEO structure say
it didn't really follow um some of the
best SEO uh practices to follow but also
um from a from a ux from a usability and
a search engine standpoint it needed to
be uh positioned and it needed more
clarity and uh that's what breaking B2B
really helped us with thanks the L and
what were your hesitations about working
with us so perhaps from the initial
Discovery cool what was some
reservations that you might have had
feel free to be as blunt and direct as
possible
I think um the key thing for us was to
find an agency that would really
understand our Market you know um and
really help us uh to deliver the growth
you know we get we get you know
approached by other SEO agencies but we
really wanted to know who is this
someone who really does understand our
Market understand the business that
we're in the technology sector and
whether they can really help us so um
you know the first hesitation was you
know those questions uh is is breaking
B2B the right one for us do they have
the expertise or are they just a generic
um Su agency who would just share tips
and information that we already knew so
I was really interested in finding out
you know whether they've done the
results that we wanted with other
clients in the past and whether they've
worked in the in the same sector as us
um so that that was the initial
hesitation when the approach came that
we were like you know is this the right
Agency for us um and whether we should
be working with but that was quickly
subsided as soon as we looked into it uh
we looked into your website spoke to you
some and then it was pretty clear that
you guys were knowledgeable and the
right approach for us I appreciate that
and was was there anything else I
suppose that put those reservations at
ease that made you decide to partner
with us I think I think it was the
approach right it wasn't just um one we
would we were directly talking to you
and and I think the the initial approach
that you came to us with was in just hey
were an agency would you like to work
with us or we can help you SEO you
actually did spend your time digging
into us and came back with a with a
proposal it wasn't a forced SEO proposal
you literally said look here are some of
the changes that I think you could do to
really help your your business grow
organically and that really did resonate
well with I and out as we looked into it
it made sense and then then we we got on
with the first call and um it was pretty
clear from the first call that that you
guys were expertise and um you had the
knowledge and uh you knew what you were
doing so we were pretty Keen to go okay
um what else could we do here no I
appreciate that and how would you say
results from SEO have changed since
we've partnered together yeah so the the
the strategy and the tactic that you put
together for us you know focusing on the
bottom funnel uh content and then moving
our way up to the top funnel that that
initial um key word research and the
detailed strategy plan that you put
together it really helped us to kind of
deploy the um the content so at this
moment in time you know we've launched a
few of the bottom funnel uh posts and
they already are ranking on page number
one you know I can see the positions
last I check was uh rank three and four
and that's just from a few weeks of
deployment so as you highlighted in your
strategy you know the the tactic of
going after the bottom funnel get your
content out there and start building the
content then on um is already already
we're seeing the fruits of it right
we're seeing the pages we're seeing the
traffic we're seeing the the clicks
throughs so um it it really did um you
know make it really clear that this
strategy is working and we wanted to
continue and do more of it great to hear
and based on kind of those early wins
where do you see and and the fact that
we've only published kind of a few of
the planned out pages so far where do
you perhaps see these results kind of
helping the business in the next say 6
to 12 months yeah I think we we already
know that organic is a channel that well
we should be mestic more in you know
from my data we can see it's it's the
it's the one channel that does Drive
results in in the sense that conversions
the best converting channel for us you
know one of the best is is organic so we
want to invest more in it and we want to
spend more time on organic um so in
about 6 to 12 months we see more
investment into SEO uh more in in
investment into content and also
following the original strategy that you
put together the great thing was you
know our initial strategy I mean we we
joined you for a three-month trial and
but through that three-month trial you
actually did put together um almost like
a 12 month roadmap for us um of of here
are topics and and and keywords that you
should be focusing on so in my opinion
you know the next six to 12 months will
be going through and making sure that we
have all of that mapped out so we can
maximize the return um and and get the
organic games sounds great appreciate it
and would you I think you've covered it
a bit there but what would you say was
perhaps the most valuable component of
our offer or our service to be honest um
I think it's um is is yourself and what
breaking B2B did for us um which was you
know you you actually did dedicate um
fully onto this program for us you
understood Who We Are what we are and
what we even are getting is you know
things that we didn't agree that you're
you're contacting us and and regularly
um messaging me about you know you're
going hey guys I saw your your your blog
article here's some suggestions that I
think you should be employing um so I
could say things like great that you
secured backlinks for us you've done the
strategy you've done the keyword
research you've done the road map but I
think the the biggest and the valuable
component for me was was having yourself
um there right so any questions I've got
you immediately respond um I didn't feel
like oh they just did their part off
they went you were just there for us so
that was the most valuable Compu for me
that I could I can approach an expert um
when it comes to SEO and I can get the
value and I can get my questions and
answers answered um so giving us your
time I think that was the most valuable
component for us because we knew that we
can approach you and you will come back
to with a reply quickly I didn't have to
wait a week or two weeks or two days for
a reply and um so that's the that's the
Val B component for me that's great
thank you very much and the last one if
perhaps a B2B service tech or SAS
companies maybe tuning into this and is
perhaps on the fence or comparing two or
three vendors or agencies yes is there
anything you'd share with them that as
to why they should or shouldn't partner
with break breaking B2B uh why they
should yeah uh
I think my my reply would be uh trial
you know we approach breaking B2B for a
trial you know uh we did a three-month
trial with you guys and that trial was
really uh great because we went lock
down for a 12 months contract or
anything it was a three-month trial that
we can try out see what the results are
and I think that's enough time to kind
of uh value someone and understand
whether it's someone that we need to
continue with so that three months trial
was it as a a great thing so if anyone's
on the fence I would definitely um
approach breaking B2B and and try them
up try them out for yourself and see the
value and then you can make the decision
whether you want to continue or not hey
Stallone really appreciate the time
thanks so much thank you sir and if
you're a B2B SAS service or tech company
looking to get real results from SEO as
quick as 90 days just like pra did then
why not book a call with us over at
breaking bb.com we can have a chat
through where you're at right now and
where you'd like to get to with SEO and
see if we're a good fit to start driving
qualified leads Pipeline and revenue so
head over to Breaking bb.com you can
check our results pricing and grab a
call I look forward to speaking to you
soon cheers